feat(core): custom dockerfile (#8)
pahud/cdk-lambda-bash: README.md

```

> ## Specify Custom Dockerfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Custom Dockerfile
```

> Sometime you need add other tools to Lambda runtime.
> like I need the `kubectl`.
> 
> Custom My Dockerfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you may customize your own `Dockerfile`, for instances:

1. You need extra tools or utilities such as `kubectl` or `helm`
2. You need build from your own base image

In these cases, create a custom `Dockerfile`  as below and add extra utilities i.e. `kubectl`:

```

```bash

> touch Dockerfile
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

let's just remove the two lines

FROM public.ecr.aws/lambda/provided:al2

RUN yum install -y unzip jq

# install aws-cli v2
RUN curl "https://awscli.amazonaws.com/awscli-exe-linux-x86_64.zip" -o "awscliv2.zip" && \
  unzip awscliv2.zip && \
  ./aws/install

# install kubectl
RUN curl -o kubectl https://amazon-eks.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/1.19.6/2021-01-05/bin/linux/amd64/kubectl && \
  chmod +x kubectl && \
  mv kubectl /usr/local/bin/kubectl

COPY bootstrap /var/runtime/bootstrap
COPY function.sh /var/task/function.sh
COPY main.sh /var/task/main.sh
RUN chmod +x /var/runtime/bootstrap /var/task/function.sh /var/task/main.sh

WORKDIR /var/task
CMD [ "function.sh.handler" ]

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

remove it

```

> we can use `dockerfile` props, to specify your own `Dockerfile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify your own `Dockerfile` with the `dockerfile` property.
```
